Firebase



Information regarding Firebase and EU-US Privacy Shield.



Hi Weicheng,

We are writing to let you know that we are updating the Firebase Data  
Processing and Security Terms and Crashlytics and App Distribution Data  
Processing and Security Terms.

What happened?

A recent ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated  
the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, but did not invalidate Standard  
Contractual Clauses (SCCs) as a lawful transfer mechanism for personal data  
transferred outside of the EU, Switzerland or the UK.

We are updating the Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms and  
Crashlytics and App Distribution Data Processing and Security Terms to add  
the relevant SCCs as adopted by the European Commission, which, as per the  
ruling, can continue to be a valid legal mechanism to transfer data outside  
of the EU, Switzerland or the UK.

If the EU's General Data Protection Regulation or equivalent legislation in  
Switzerland or the UK (collectively, the GDPR) applies to your use of  
Firebase, the updated Data Processing and Security Terms will deem the SCCs  
to apply automatically. If the GDPR does not apply to your use of Firebase,  
these updates have no practical impact.

What do you need to do?

No action is required on your part to accept these updates, which apply  
from August 12, 2020.

If you are not the right person to review the updated Data Processing and  
Security Terms or this notice, please forward this notice to the  
appropriate contact for your organization, such as your legal or compliance  
team.

If you have any questions or need any assistance, feel free to reach out to  
us.

Thanks,

Mike, on behalf of the Firebase team



You have received this mandatory service announcement to update you about  
important changes to Firebase or your account.




Google Â© 2020 Google LLC
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, CA 94043 USA